# Background
The data pertains to the houses found in a given California district and some summary stats about them based on the 1990 census data.  Multiple linear regression analysis was performed on the data.

# Preprocessing
The first thing to do is to do a data preprocessing. The first step is importing the data. Next, checking the data if it has missing values on it. Because the data has missing values, the next step is dropping the missing values. After that, choose longitude, latitude, housing_median_age, total_rooms, total_bedrooms, population, households, median_income, median_house_value, and target as important variables with the first 9 variables as independent variables, and target as dependent variables.

# Regression
After data preprocessing, continue to the regression part. First, calculate the correlations between longitude, latitude, housing_median_age, total_rooms, total_bedrooms, population, households, median_income, and median_house_value with target. Based on the correlation which are calculated, median_house_value has biggest correlations among the other independent variables which is 1. Next, divide the variables into training and testing data. After that, create a regression model with the training data. Based on the results of the regression analysis that has been carried out, the equation obtained is y = 2.0872192862952943e-14 + 2.53598719e-16*x1 + 2.48746472e-16*x2 + -4.44201366e-19*x3 + -2.04108471e-19*x4 + 1.58094067e-18*x5 + 8.64767700e-20*x6 + -9.53302495e-19*x7 + 4.14794597e-17*x8 + 1.00000000e-05*x9. The next step is to do a regression simultaneous and parsial test. The result for the simultaneous test are longitude, latitude, housing_median_age, total_rooms, total_bedrooms, population, households, median_income, and median_house_value influence the target simultaneously. However, based on the results on the regression partial test, the housing_median_age has less influences in target than the other variables.

# Prediction
After creating a regression model, the next step is predicting and calculating the prediction accuration with mean squared error, mean absolute error, and root mean squared error. For predicting and alculating the prediction accuration with mean squared error, mean absolute error, and root mean squared error, use the testing data. Based on the calculation, the mse, mae, and rmse are 1.7403979076893242e-31, 3.243809809837326e-16, and 4.17180765099414e-16. 

# Insight
Based on the results of the linear regression model, features such as 'median income' and 'housing median age' have a statistically significant and positive impact on housing prices. This suggests that properties located in areas with higher median incomes and newer housing stock tend to command higher prices. Therefore, real estate managers should prioritize acquiring and marketing properties in such areas to maximize returns and attract buyers.
